USO stands for the United Services Organization. I don't specifically
know like why they were formed but I I know that a lot of people who
are associated with the military before, maybe they're veterans themselves,
maybe it's the wife of someone in the military, maybe it's
someone who just has a lot of respect for the military. They come and
they volunteer their time to show their respect to the military in
lots of ways. The way that I know is that they're at airports and they
have a little building off to the side or maybe they're on the second
level of the airport where you can go in and you can rest, you
can eat some of their food, you can have conversations with other people
on similar flights, and it's really convenient. I'm sure that
they do other things as well so I wanna give them credit for that but
the way that I know them is from their support at the airports.